Add note about LightmapGI only baking nodes under its parent (#10247)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/global_illumination/using_lightmap_gi.rst

    graphics API limitations on those devices. On Android and web platforms,
    only *rendering* lightmaps that were baked on a desktop PC is supported.

.. note::

>     The LightmapGI node only bakes nodes under its parent.
>     This is because some people may require several separate lightmaps in the same scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The LightmapGI node only bakes nodes that are on the same level (siblings),
    or nodes that are children of the LightmapGI node. This allows you to use
    several LightmapGI nodes to bake different parts of the scene,
    independently from each other.
```
